feat(webhooks): add documentation for RoomCreatedEvent and RoomDeletedEvent (#663)
liveblocks/liveblocks: docs/pages/guides/webhooks.mdx

Events available for use include:

> - StorageUpdated
> - UserEntered/UserLeft
> - RoomCreated/RoomDeleted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `StorageUpdated`
- `UserEntered/UserLeft`
- `RoomCreated/RoomDeleted`
```

More events will come later such as:

> - MaxConnectionsReached

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `MaxConnectionsReached`
```

Reviewer: Guillame had mentioned putting these in backticks since they're technically event types... so this is a "my bad" from before fix

There are two ways to verify your webhooks, either manually or by using the
`@liveblocks/node` package. We highly recommend using the `@liveblocks/node`

> package as it will verify the events and provide you with fully typed events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
package to verify and return fully typed events.
```
